# Finding Integrity

<time>8:55am</time>

Dear Reader,

&nbsp;&nbsp;There have been a few false starts to this blog, today's the day, though. Previously, there was an air of hope, and maybe a little mystic serendipity.

&nbsp;&nbsp;That I'm well and truly miserable with zero allies sets the scene properly.

&nbsp;&nbsp;My head is punding, and I have to get to ALDI to find out when and where training is going to be. Thanks for coming with me, Dear Reader, today's going to be a doozy.

<time>10:20am</time>

Dear Reader,

&nbsp;&nbsp;Welp, gave it a shot. It's apparently in Branford. I have no idea how I'm going to get there. If it was within 20 miles I'd have biked, I'm going to have to see if I can catch a train or get a ride. He said "first couple of shifts" so I'm hoping that means just two.

&nbsp;&nbsp;I need to take Dawa out ... I had other plans for today, but I was possibly supposed to already have an email, I feel like I'm tripping. I need steel toed shoes. My brain is melting.

<time>10:28am</time>

Update, phone call! **Yes! Reality!**

<time>12:27pm</time>

Well, Dear Reader, I have one friend. Just as I thought I was down to literally zero, just as I cried walking down the sidewalk, my one friend got back to me. It had been a couple of days, and I wondered if he was ignoring me, which frankly, I'd get, he's very sick, though, and I don't blame hime for infrequent communiqué.

&nbsp;&nbsp;Oh, _that_ happened in the meantime. I took Dawa out again, and thank Goodness I got one good sip in, but he chased after a cat or something, and I spilled all my coffee as I was trying to put my shifts into my calendar. It was all I could do to keep my cool and just get him around the block. Which I did.

&nbsp;&nbsp;Alcohol cessation, I did _not,_ though. I'm not going to get to the trail today, I'm not going to get my apartment together. I'm not even going to get this online, unless it's much later today. I'm not even going to write about what happened that was so painful. 'Show, don't tell,' the literary advice goes.

&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm going to feel my dog and do my best to maintain this tentative grasp on sanity. Best wishes to You, Dear Reader.
